let's prepare a yogurt cake and
coconut we need four eggs an envelope
of yeast chemical flour oil
olive konko grated sugar and a gallon and
that can be natural or coconut flavor
we have put the four whole eggs
in a container and now we're going to
add the yogurt
the envelope of yeast
and with the yogurt cup that is going to
serve as a measure we will also add
three short flour yogurt and three
little cups of sugar
and half a glass of yogurt oil
olive all that we are going to add to this
container
and finally we will add coconut we will beat
everything very well and with this has ended in
the elaboration consists of mixing
simply the ingredients and beat them
very well but you know the measure is the
of the yogurt cup
recapitulating we have added the 4 eggs
the envelope of yeast a yogurt in this
case of coconut 3 cups of flour 3
sugar cups and now we are missing
add a half glass of olive oil
all the cups with Christmas
I will now receive this very well
very well very well and when this shake
we will add grated coconut because the
amount that we want already you will see what
that I add
and we will beat again and it will be so
now we take the blender and mix
this very well
Hello
we have already mixed all the
ingredients and now finally we're going to
Add
this amount of grated coconut is at
taste and there is no exact measure then
about a small full glass
of coconut or a little more but that's it is
random now we add it to the mix
we beat a little bit and we already have it
once all the
mix we are going to pour it into a mold that
we have put with the non-stick
and we'll put it in the oven that we have it
preheated to 200 degrees
now let's introduce the sponge cake or
the container that is going to be for the
cake in the second height starting
down in the oven and lower the
temperature to 180 degrees we will have it
about 35 minutes to check that this
done we will puncture when it comes out
with a toothpick in the center of the cake
and if it comes out dry it is that it is already
You can open the oven door during
the elaboration since otherwise it would not rise
the cake
we just took the cake out of the oven
we had it 40 minutes because when
had passed 35 I've punctured him in the
center with a toothpick and it gave me the
impression that I was a little bit still
like a leaf disc by the center
Then I had 40 minutes
now we have to wait for it to
cool or at least temper
enough to unmold since if
it would not break us
we have already undressed the cake and here
you have the result
It is a cake to make easy and
you see that it only consists in beating the
ingredients
and the same as we have put coconut also
It can be made with lemon with orange
but this one
the result